SUBQUERIES:

1. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary matches the lowest salary of any of the departments. Return first name, last name and department ID. 
2. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find all those employees who work in the Finance department. Return department ID, name (first), job ID and department name. 
3. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary is in the range of 1000, and 3000 (Begin and end values have included.). Return all the fields.
4. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who get second-highest salary. Return all the fields of the employees. 
5. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary is lower than that of employees whose job title is "MK_MAN". Exclude employees of Job title ‘MK_MAN’. Return employee ID, first name, last name, job ID. 
6. From the following table, write a SQL query to check whether there are any employees with salaries exceeding 3700. Return first name, last name and department ID. 
7. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find employees who work in departments located in the United Kingdom. Return first name. 
8. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find those employees who are managers. Return all the fields of employees table. 
9. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn more than the average salary. Sort the result-set in descending order by salary. Return first name, last name, salary, and department ID. 
10. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn more than the minimum salary of a department of ID 40. Return first name, last name, salary, and department ID.
11. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find those departments where maximum salary is 7000 and above. The employees worked in those departments have already completed one or more jobs. Return all the fields of the departments. 
12. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn the second-lowest salary of all the employees. Return all the fields of employees.

JOINS:

1. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find the first name, last name, department, city, and state province for each employee.
2. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find all departments, including those without employees. Return first name, last name, department ID, department name. 
3. From the following tables, write a SQL query to display the department name, city, and state province for each department.
4. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find all employees who joined on or after 1st January 1993 and on or before 31 August 1997. Return job title, department name, employee name, and joining date of the job.
5. From the following table, write a SQL query to find the name of the country, city, and departments, which are running there. 
6. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find the department name, full name (first and last name) of the manager and their city.