SUBQUERIES:

1. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who receive a higher salary than the employee with ID 163. Return first name, last name.
2. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who report to that manager whose first name is ‘Payam’. Return first name, last name, employee ID and salary.
3. From the following table and write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary falls within the range of the smallest salary and 2500. Return all the fields.
4. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn more than the average salary and work in the same department as an employee whose first name contains the letter 'J'. Return employee ID, first name and salary. 
5. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salaries are higher than the average for all departments. Return employee ID, first name, last name, job ID. 
6. Write a query to display the employee id, name ( first name and last name ), SalaryDrawn, AvgCompare (salary - the average salary of all employees) and the SalaryStatus column with a title HIGH and LOW respectively for those employees whose salary is more than and less than the average salary of all employees. 
7. From the following tables, write a SQL query find the employees who report to a manager based in the United States. Return first name, last name. 
8. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find those departments that are located in the city of London. Return department ID, department name. 
9. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary matches that of the employee who works in department ID 40. Return first name, last name, salary, and department ID.
10. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn less than the average salary and work at the department where Laura (first name) is employed. Return first name, last name, salary, and department ID.
11. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those managers who supervise four or more employees. Return manager name, department ID. 
12. From the following table, write a SQL query to find those employees who have not had a job in the past. Return all the fields of employees.

JOINS:

1. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find the first name, last name, department number, and department name for each employee. 
2. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find those employees whose first name contains the letter ‘z’. Return first name, last name, department, city, and state province.
3. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find out which employees have or do not have a department. Return first name, last name, department ID, department name. 
4. From the following table, write a SQL query to calculate the average salary, the number of employees receiving commissions in that department. Return department name, average salary and number of employees.
5. From the following table, write a SQL query to find the employees who earn $12000 or more. Return employee ID, starting date, end date, job ID and department ID.
6. From the following tables, write a SQL query to find full name (first and last name), job title, start and end date of last jobs of employees who did not receive commissions. 
